{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2757
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Mapa, Dennis. (2022). Urban Population of the Philippines (2020 Census of Population and Housing). Retrieved from: https://psa.gov.ph/content/urban-population-philippines-2020-census-population-and-housing\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
Philippine Statistics Authority. (2022, June). 2020 Census of Population and Housing. Retrieved from: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.psa.gov.ph/system/files/main-publication/1_2020%2520CPH%2520Report%2520No.%25204_26April2023_RRDH_CRD-signed.pdf?fbclid=IwAR3VF0XFeWm95I8WOUiFcbQEqMswekR4qAF_xQjM94EL3Xxy2H_EUtD9gcg"}}{\fldrslt \ul https://www.psa.gov.ph/system/files/main-publication/1_2020%2520CPH%2520Report%2520No.%25204_26April2023_RRDH_CRD-signed.pdf?fbclid=IwAR3VF0XFeWm95I8WOUiFcbQEqMswekR4qAF_xQjM94EL3Xxy2H_EUtD9gcg}}
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 Rail-way Technology. (2023, January 31). Manila Metro Rail Transit (MRT) Line 7, Bulacan, Philippines: Manila Metro Rail Transit (MRT) Line 7 in the Philippines is a 23km-long elevated rapid transit line under construction. Retrieved from: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.railway-technology.com/projects/manila-metro-rail-transit-mrt-line-7/?cf-view"}}{\fldrslt \ul https://www.railway-technology.com/projects/manila-metro-rail-transit-mrt-line-7/?cf-view}}
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 Rosales, E. (2022, November 1). 3 new stations mulled on Rizal end of LRT-2. Retrieved from: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.philstar.com/business/2022/11/01/2220587/3-new-stations-mulled-rizal-end-lrt-2#:~:text=The%20LRT%2D2%20West%20Extension,trains%20with%20four%2Dcar%20setups"}}{\fldrslt \ul https://www.philstar.com/business/2022/11/01/2220587/3-new-stations-mulled-rizal-end-lrt-2#:~:text=The%20LRT%2D2%20West%20Extension,trains%20with%20four%2Dcar%20setups}}.
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0
\fs32 \

\fs29\fsmilli14667 Tecson, Z. (2023, November 29). Pampanga capital pushes mass transit system to solve traffic woes. Retrieved from: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.pna.gov.ph/articles/1214534"}}{\fldrslt \ul https://www.pna.gov.ph/articles/1214534}}
\fs32 \
}